docs: devtools throttling deprecation notice (#9933)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/devtools-throttling-deprecation.md

# DevTools Throttling Deprecation Notice

> Starting with Chrome 80, Lighthouse within Chrome DevTools is deprecating the throttling configuration. To wit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Chrome 80, Lighthouse within Chrome DevTools is deprecating the throttling configuration.
```

1. `Simulated Throttling` will become the only option

> 1. For awhile, you may also use `Applied Throttling` by unchecking the `Simulated Throttling` checkbox

Reviewer: fwiw a radio button seems less confusing for this. If "Applied Throttling" is unchecked I would assume it's not throttled, personally

> 1. For awhile, you may also use `Applied Throttling` by unchecking the `Simulated Throttling` checkbox

Reviewer: should be "a while" but a different possibility might be something like
```suggestion
1. `Applied Throttling` will still be available by unchecking the `Simulated Throttling` checkbox
```

> 1. `No Throttling` is removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `No Throttling` will no longer be an option
```
